docs: update documentation for upstream opentelemetry-php-distro rebase (#373) (#374)
elastic/elastic-otel-php: docs/reference/edot-php/migration.md

| Elastic APM (php.ini)                  | EDOT PHP (environment variable)                              | Description                                    |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------- |

> | `elastic_apm.enabled = 1`              | `OTEL_PHP_ENABLED=true`                                      | Enables EDOT PHP features - enabled by default |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `elastic_apm.enabled = 1`              | `OTEL_PHP_ENABLED=true`                                      | Turns on EDOT PHP features - enabled by default |
```

> | `capture_errors`                   | Not available                                                                                                                                                                                | No direct equivalent. Handled via standard error handling and inferred spans.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `capture_errors`                   | Not available                                                                                                                                                                                | No direct equivalent. Handled using standard error handling and inferred spans.                                                |
```

> | `disable_instrumentations`         | [`OTEL_PHP_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/php/sdk/#configuration)                                                                    | Comma-separated list of instrumentations to disable.                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disable_instrumentations`         | [`OTEL_PHP_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/php/sdk/#configuration)                                                                    | Comma-separated list of instrumentations to deactivate.                                                                         |
```

| `disable_send`                     | Not available                                                                                                                                                                                | No direct option. Could potentially be simulated with custom exporters or filtering processors.                              |

> | `enabled`                          | [`OTEL_PHP_ENABLED`](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md#general-configuration)                                                                                                               | Enables or disables EDOT PHP instrumentation entirely.                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enabled`                          | [`OTEL_PHP_ENABLED`](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md#general-configuration)                                                                                                               | Activates or deactivates EDOT PHP instrumentation entirely.                                                                       |
```

> | `environment`                      | [`OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/general/#otel_resource_attributes)                                                        | Add deployment metadata (e.g., `deployment.environment=prod`).                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `environment`                      | [`OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/general/#otel_resource_attributes)                                                        | Add deployment metadata (for example, `deployment.environment=prod`).                                                               |
```

| `global_labels`                    | [`OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/general/#otel_resource_attributes)                                                        | Set global key-value pairs for all spans/metrics.                                                                            |

> | `log_level`                        | [`OTEL_LOG_LEVEL`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/configuration/sdk-environment-variables/#general-sdk-configuration), [`OTEL_PHP_LOG_LEVEL_FILE`](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md#logging-configuration) | Controls log verbosity globally (`OTEL_LOG_LEVEL`) or per sink (e.g., file, stderr, syslog via `OTEL_PHP_LOG_LEVEL_*`).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `log_level`                        | [`OTEL_LOG_LEVEL`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/configuration/sdk-environment-variables/#general-sdk-configuration), [`OTEL_PHP_LOG_LEVEL_FILE`](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md#logging-configuration) | Controls log verbosity globally (`OTEL_LOG_LEVEL`) or per sink (for example, file, stderr, syslog using `OTEL_PHP_LOG_LEVEL_*`).  |
```

| `server_url`                       | [`OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/otlp-exporter/#otel_exporter_otlp_endpoint)                                                  | Sets OTLP exporter endpoint. Defaults to `http://localhost:4318`.                                                            |
| `service_name`                     | [`OTEL_SERVICE_NAME`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/general/#otel_service_name)                                                                      | Defines service name for traces/metrics.                                                                                     |

> | `transaction_sample_rate`          | [`OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/general/#otel_traces_sampler_arg)                                                          | Sampling rate for traces (e.g., `0.25`).                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `transaction_sample_rate`          | [`OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/general/#otel_traces_sampler_arg)                                                          | Sampling rate for traces (for example, `0.25`).                                                                                     |
```

| `transaction_max_spans`            | Not available                                                                                                                                                                                | No direct support in PHP SDK for limiting spans per transaction.                                                             |
| `span_frames_min_duration`         | [`OTEL_PHP_INFERRED_SPANS_MIN_DURATION`](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md#inferred-spans-configuration)                                                                                    | Duration threshold for inferred spans.                                                                                       |
| `sanitize_field_names`             | Not available                                                                                                                                                                                | Not yet supported in EDOT PHP.                                                                                               |

> | `verify_server_cert`               | [`OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/protocol/exporter/#configuration)                                                                                  | Enable or disable SSL verification when exporting telemetry.                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `verify_server_cert`               | [`OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/protocol/exporter/#configuration)                                                                                  | Turn on or turn off SSL verification when exporting telemetry.                                                                 |
```

> | `transaction_ignore_urls`          | [`OTEL_PHP_EXCLUDED_URLS`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/php/sdk/#configuration)                                                                                       | A comma-separated list of regex patterns for excluding incoming HTTP URLs from tracing (e.g., `client/.*/info,healthcheck`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `transaction_ignore_urls`          | [`OTEL_PHP_EXCLUDED_URLS`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/php/sdk/#configuration)                                                                                       | A comma-separated list of regex patterns for excluding incoming HTTP URLs from tracing (for example, `client/.*/info,healthcheck`). |
```

| `log_file`                         | [`OTEL_PHP_LOG_FILE`](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md#logging-configuration)                                                                                                              | Path for log output; supports `%p` (PID) and `%t` (timestamp) placeholders.                                                  |
| `log_feature`                      | [`OTEL_PHP_LOG_FEATURES`](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md#logging-configuration)                                                                                                          | Fine-grained feature-based logging configuration.                                                                            |
| `transaction_url_groups`           | [`OTEL_PHP_TRANSACTION_URL_GROUPS`](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md#transaction-span-configuration)                                                                                       | Group similar URL paths (e.g., `/user/*`).                                                                                   |

> | `inferred_spans_enabled`           | [`OTEL_PHP_INFERRED_SPANS_ENABLED`](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md#inferred-spans-configuration)                                                                                             | Enables inferred spans (preview).                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `inferred_spans_enabled`           | [`OTEL_PHP_INFERRED_SPANS_ENABLED`](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md#inferred-spans-configuration)                                                                                             | Activates inferred spans (preview).                                                                                            |
```
